When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	Remote repository stores everything online so that we can access them from different
	devices without losing them.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	For example, if other people updated the remote repo and there's some changes you do
	not want, you prefer manually pulling in this case.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

	Branches: you want to try some experiments on new branches while keeping the good 
			  working version as the master branch. You can merge the new branch into
			  master later if you want.
	Clones: clone the repository from Github remote to local. It's just a copy, with all
			the commit history. You can make changes locally, git add, git commit, git pull,
			git push to modify the remote.
	Forks: if you want your own version of other people's project, fork it to your Github
		   account. You can clone your forked version to local, modify local and remote, 
		   without modifying the original version created by the original author.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	The benefit is to let git know the latest commit stored and the new commit can be 
	fast-forward merged or not. Fast-forward merge is just having the newest commit as HEAD.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what 
would be harder?

	Without Git or Github, I would manually maintain versions and compare with my collaborator's.
	That is much harder than Git and Github.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What 
benefits does each approach have?

	When collaborate with others, everyone works on their own branch and gives a pull request 
	when they want to update the remote master, so each can review the changes before making the
	change, to make sure the remote master is okay with everybody.

